(⁹3)

or tn unxvoroalt. But 100k1ng nt the eamn image w1th
ι ρὴιηιαιη 1· lxx· looking at the tmnge from close byg
ιι 1· recognized fully and exprensly οι the 1mago of
secretos end not only or nan &ndofxn1t01y0

’ while rhomae does quoto tnta analogy from the
B1oh0p or Parin. he certainly did not agree w1th
willian'e general theory. ΐοτ Willlam follows thiu
analogy w1th the statement: “This near-sxghtodnoou
(br0v1tao) belongs to our intolleet et long as ιι ιο
hore 1η the body”.5 For william the brev1tae 1⁸ not a
part of the nature of the tutelleet. aa lt le for
Thema·- 1t must be noted that Thomas and william une
the analogy tn two different contexte. ror &filliam
th· near-nightednoss or the 1nto1loet ιε thet woakneuo
”because of which the intolloet 1· not able ιο reaeh
th· particular eondttton· by which the signs thom-
selves ur· approprtatod to their part1eu1ar obaoets“.⁷
By the term ‘short-axsshtednesn· Theman refers only to
th· need or the intolleet to uso oonnsze signu or
phantasma ln attaznang to the universal. wh110 Thomas
extus william several timon ln thas passage ae auctor.
he doen not g2v0 a true pietur· or w1111am·s doctrine.
He changes W1llian'e teachxng to adapt 1t to hie own.

Por a second and much moro eatual statument

