(103)

h· ιι eonntderxng form a· number. When ιι wer· d0a11ng
with the doetr1ne or sensatlon. the numbers wer· th·
numbers in the conl. 100. number taken in the second
sonno. Thon· are numbers which aro truly true, which
can rdeexvo nothtng from numbers 1n matter. whzeh ean
be called true 0n1y by 1m1tat10n of th· forme tn the
ocul. Horo w· aro tn a conplet-ly distarent worId
than when we wer· study1ng substance. Arzstotle 1·
still an authority. but hie authorzty ιε quosttoned
when he criztelzos Plato. 12 soem: that Thomas 1⁸
attempt1ng a harmony or Plato and Arxatotle. ιη whloh
tho Platonle alemant directa the harmony. ir the
statement that forms 1n matter are true only by
imitation 1⁸ to be 31ven any signifieanoe. whatever
be the Platonxe signifieanee or tho passage. tt ιε
evident that when Thomas speaks of numbers they may bo
takon aa forms or speeie·- To go back then to th·
theory ot sensation. when the body comes upon thes·
forno 1n mentor they huget paoszont in the body. The
seul which animatos zhe body becomes avare or thone
passione by reason or ite attention· Th· pass1on 1³
the occasion of great-r attention on the part of the
toul. The ’truly true· forme whteh wer· already

habitual ln the noul then become actual, and sensazzon

