(105)

as Thomas· own view. The doetran· agr-en with other
parts or thie noetlon on number· und eorzaxnxy with
ht· dootrtno or sonnutlon. Here we have tho broakdown
ot hi· tuaenxng on abstraet1on. Abstraetion 1ο a11owod
ror, §lnce th2· ιι. no doubt. tho way ln whlch the toul
receives numbers from the body. But a new avenne of
knowledge ιε opened up. one thou· termlnun a guo 1⁸ no
longor the forme tn matter. but rather the forme or
ldeat 1η the divine mind. we seem to be in a Flanonte
mind where the remznxseenoe 2⁸ supplied for by nn
illum1na210n from God or by seule who are even now 1n
the presence of the forms. Tho problem remaina that
Thomas may be here referring to some supernatural.
extraordtnary meane of kn0w1ng· cartatnly iz ιε
supernatural in so rar a: tt eonon from God. But
whether ιι may be called an ordinary. natural avenu-
οἳ knowledge or not 1⁸ d15f10u1t ιο say from this
passage. But there are several other passages tn the
eggienttale where Aristotelian abszraction encounzers
auguntznxan illum1nat20n and submits. as we will aee.
ιο the nore perfect meane of knowledge.

Th· very nnxt chapter. chapter tivo. douln wath
how tho mind αισα number. 'hother ineidn or outetde

iteelr· The general eon01u81on or the chapter ιε that

