(62)

that there must b· a genus in which part1cular kinds
of nubstaneou agr-03 otherw1oo they will not be eub-
nssaneon. This nont general genus 1· oa1lod neeond
nub-tanen. Quot1ng Av1cebr01 h· enyo that thia nub-
etani1011ty ιο nomethxng added to the ossone· of the
lenter genera. nomethtng wh1eh in ittelr romain·
savarzablo. (p. 83) Under thie mont general apee1e⁸
oon· many gon-ra and species. Theo· ar· type· or
noeond tub-teneo and may bo divided into genera wh1eh
aro not speeies, speeies whtoh are not genera, and
thoe· which aro both genera and speeies· Thomas
makes sono Bouthtan commento on genus, its atgn1r1-
eat10n‚ tho logical procons or deseending through
genera, the nu1z1p11cat10n of genera consequent on
remoteneas from the mont general genna. He g1ves us
a dor1n1t10n of second nuncnune· 1n general fron the
cat-gorzenz guae non ent in subjecto eod de subjecto
d101tur. He gives more spee1rtc def1n1t10ne of second
substance, allowssng ror the fact that ιι may bo genus
or speeies or both genus and speeies. But those
eotinxttonn ar· gtven a mor· thorough treatment 1η
chapters elevon to rourteonz so uc '111 leave these
logical considerattonu ln ordor to attaek the prosulas

metaphysical problomn.

