(2⁹)

rancon- b1rth or th· untvorn1ty or Pario-³⁷ He p01ntn
ont that th· tngltnh school of tho early ‘hirto-utu
century enjoyn tho culture or Chartreu enrichod by th·
new 1oarn1ng. wh120 Ρατ1ι 1⁸ st111 xnvo1ved tn d1alee-
ιιοᾷι ntrugglon beenan· of th· tremendous tnfluenee or
Abelux-mm tt ιο not napo-ubl· that char-tro· had a

diruet intlueneo on tho Englteh eohool, tor many
Englinhmen 'ont thore to etudy and returned to toach.
In tho name way the nov culture at oxford cannot have
boen without ιιι effect on Paris, ror shore was ο
continual tut-rehange of toachers and idean. Hence,
th· ostent ot exford scholarahip 1⁸ ιο b· round not
only in letor oxford anhelata. but evon tn tn· Conti-
nental tenenero. Any gap which we ean 1121 tn exford
thought *212 enable ue to appreciat· moro fully the
great Part-lan cyathos·- and the sources used tn
construoz1ng thom.

Tho sagientialae ror all these reason· sonus to
'urrant tho tnnk or ed1t1on· carerul and eurnory
studio· of 1t have convineod scholare or its vulue-
with aubert or Ltneoln tt heralda the 00m1ng or Dans
scotus. Ita position in the second period or rrane1s-
ean masters. beside the great work· or st. Bonaventure.

augura we11 for what m1ght be found in euch an editzon.

