(99)

ordor· Thi· ιε what would follow 11 the body affected
number· 1n th· toul. In ι nono· th· eoul taken numbers
from tho body, ror when the body ιο acted upon. number·
auxen wer· only hab12ually pro-ont in the eoul before,
uoco-3 notuaz. τὴιι ιοιυαιιιαιιοη 1³ the result or tn·
nor· attonttv· net1on of the toul on the occasion of
obaeet· being presented zo ιι. Thema· :aye that aecor-
dzng zo tntu opinion the numbers ln the eoul are prior
tn natur· end nnblltty to thot· onznia· ln tuanen.
Ther-rore. ιι 1ο impossible that number· in the seul
are eanfled by thone out-ld·- Esther only ρον occa-ionem
οι ικοιξοὴιοηιι do thoe· numbers wh1oh wore only
habitual bunone actual. (pp. 5331)

Her· w· 800 the aetua1 doctrine or εὶ. Augu-tine.
Thines outttdo. at least their humbert, exercite no
eauaalxty on tho aoul. The oporat1on of nonnetten 12
not terminated tn the seul, but tn the body. On th·
oeoaoton or sonnation thu seul becomes mor· attont1vo
te the suttor1ngs of th· body ιι νινιῐιοε. sven thls
now attonttvonens bring· notn1ng new 1nt0 the soul-
Whon th· toul *ekes {rom th· body. 1t 1⁸ merely
uotualtzxng sonoth1ng which wan already tn the seul
though at was pre-ent only ln n hab1tua1 way. Thomn-

and ει. Auguntino ar· forced to say that the body

