(59)

whatever th· roa-on. Thona- οἰ York was not th· lant to
ooaroh Λτιιιοιιο 1n vain ror a prtnezple or tnd1v²dua-
tlon. Both matter and torm have beon ng-n aa tho
annu-r, but with the roal1zat10n that in either aas·
thor· nr· text· which tmply the contrary. The problen
ot individuat10n‚ tr tt be a problom 1n theno mon. 1·
nunt an dlfrteult 1η Ανοττοοι. Λα rhomae poxntn out,
ther· are texte which ravon both matter and form aa
tn· prtnotpxo. rer averroes prim· matter 1⁸ ono, but
only in a nogatxve way. 100. because ιι laekn any kind
ef determination. That which makes matter abl· to bo
nu121p1100 1⁸ ext-naxon. which informe matter prtor te
ιιι determination by tho epoexrze torm. stneo extenslon
hor· ιι aa yet indeterminato. w· hav· a xlnd or *genutio*
xnd1v1dualtty consevreu on matter which awn1to npeolri-
σιτίου by the form. This 1031021 aequone· is som-what
dinturbod by his protentazxon that tho substance must
b· indivldually determinod before the aee1dente.¹4
averroes· doctrino ot than problem ιε not perroezxy
established.

Av1oonna·⁸ doctrin· ιο '021 brought out by
Thomas. Avioenna certainly distxnguxthoa between

apaetrzo unzty and tho untty er the indivtdual. Ther·

nunt b· eonethtng out-id· and accidental to th· :pooirle

