(65)

Th· r0001u21on of this contradiction eomes fron
Avleonnn· Thoma- concidero ιι hore very briorly, for,
aa ho says. a ru110r treatment of avio-nna's doctr1ne
'111 eom· in nubo-quent chaptorn. In the name or unl-
vornuss v· ean eon-ider tuo faetore: otther the form
tn whtoh the eommuntty inheret or tho connunity ltself.
If we consider tho universal as form. then ιι 1³ a
eubntanee. for the form ιε tho substance of a th1ng.
1r ve consider the eommunztv or the universal. then
the universal 1⁸ an accident and not a substance. ror
th· connunxty or multitud· 1ο only in relation. This
ιι the second timo ln the chapter Thomas has spoken or
the aeezdontaltty or univorsalxty. tn the bog1nn1ng
ot the chapter he ⁸a1d that substanttaltty was out⁸1do
tn· ost-nce. Hie turn1ng to avicenna ror tho solution
or §ho problem ot universale does not 1mpreos h1m as
dra-ing him away from Arlztotle and Avertens. torm
insol? may be considered aa :ubstantial and not aa
substance then taken tn th· sense that 12 ιε tho
aetuality and oon-noo or matt-r. totally penetratzng
and perfectius th· matter. taken in this oense form
denotas a substant1al quality which 1⁸ common and
proezoabze or many. hence not a substance properly

speaking but substantxal. These observatione ward off

