(18)

Boethius οτο quit· lengthy and may run ιο ο paragraph
οτ moro. citation· or book and chapter οτο almost
alway· given. rh· chapter div1u1on· or Aristotlo and
Ανοττοοο οτο axtteront fron thone ot ουτ pro-ent
οᾱίξιοηο. τὴ· divi-ion of book· οοοοο quit· th· tame
ιο ουτ own. oxeept that ht· book 11 or the Metuphxslc·
begin· tom-what prtor to Α. 6 end eonttnuet through a.
Thin 1· an indicatton that he 1· using the Metoghzalea
3222. Alco he knovs no book κ of the Retaghgsioo. ιο
that his references to book 11 οτο found in our book
x11. He does non cite either u or N. although hio
azneourne· carry him at great length into nn inventi·
sutton of Auguattnxan number and into the consequent
znspeetton of ?1at0·= theory of numbers. Βοοιᾱοο th·
indicationu g1ven 1n the text, 1 have attempted to
locate th· quotatxonn and eitatzone tn the beat ava11ab10
edition· Thone are to be found in the foetantes, except
tor a number which have not yet been discovered. The
citation· and quotat10n⁸ which are not ὶιιοτοὶ. 1 have
pree-dod by th· usual gg. For direct quotat10ns 1 have
simply ng-n the author·e nane. If the quotation οτ
uitation ιο 1ongor than one sentence. 1 have numberud
th· ἰιτοι and lant words of th· quotataon nith th· nano

number and have tndzoated the first and lant οοτᾱο in

