(40)

nomtnally. 003. ι curtae· may b· ⁸216 ιο bo wh1te‚ but
at ιε novor called thimeae-n. 1t 1· only ι ηουίηιΙ
profiteatzon to noy that turino. 1· white. Second uub-
utaneon. on tho other hand. are not tn thotr cuba-et.
l·0· thoy do not dep-nd on tho1r subsunt ror thoir
extet-noe· thoy aro proaxoatod really or thot? nubanat-
Thoma· thon considere th· dztt1eu1ty that
dxtrornnee charo· sn than property. 100. που οισι tn
subjecto. ror diff-renes ιε producat-d or tta subject,
henco cannot be in ιιι subject. With Boethius Thomas
unsvers this dtrfteulty by admtttzng that differ-no·
doen share thzu property. but tt· thuring ιι take·
from nub-zanco- For iz ιε ευδειιηιίαλ diff-rene· alono
which ιι predaoatod or ιιι suba-et. and substantial
dtrtorone· ιι ωιᾱηιγ between nub-tuneo and qua1125.
Tho romalnder of th· propatuto· aro the aaa· ιι thoe·
mentioned 1η {he Cetegorxogz nubstanee does not hav· ι
contrary, there are no eegr-en or nub-tanco. ttnally
substance ean roeexvo contrarios at different timot.
Thin lant 1· truly proper to nub-tane· tn such a tay

that nothtng ola· share· tn tt. Substanee roeeivos

contrarie· 1η the nense that iz roeotvua them fron
out-ide ttoelt, 100. they are accidental not aasential

contrario.. ror the nature or this property ιε that

