(89)

ono we have aunt considered frou the no1nt ot τιον or
nub-taneo. In chapter nine Thomu· dicente·- how the
univer-al which ιι simple and und1v1dod ean be th·
source os our knowlodgo of th· nu1t1011c1ty of indt-
vtduain =h1ch belong to that universal. In the course
of thiu diacus-lon on pago 132. he δινσε us συνετοὶ
ςηοιαιιοηε from avicenna and Algazel on the 0r131n of
the universal. The indivtdual makes un inpression on
the autezxect aa doen a ⁸021 on wax. 1r successive
seals of the same kind are proeaed &nto wax. the 1³-
pression or the first soal 1³ never changed. In lixa
manner the un1v0rnal renatus the same through a
successivo sequence ot xudivtdualn of the same speeies,
ror when the intelleet strips ort the aecxdent· or
each individual the name form ιε lert. After the
quotations h· given us come doetrxne without any cited
authorities, a rar1ty tn th1⁸ seotion or his work. The
problem 1ο how tho intelloct d1=tssngu1⁸hos singulare
through this form which ιε common to them. oven though
tn tho forn there 1⁸ no othornons but rather a unity.
He says that

. . . thie quoetton has different annuere in ιο rar

aa tt ιε considered in different ways. In one way

tt xa considered without any phantaem, aa tt 10 ln

intellissonoos. 1n another way. ln eo rar aa the
1ntolleet ια considered with the phantaem even tr

