(1⁷)

wer· nor· differ-neo· or tono· or moed except where
tho nonno uzant b· altered. r1n2115. where ι word
han boon corrected. tho manu-erzpt roadlng hau boon
given tn a rootnoto. tr a word hae boon intortod into
th& toxt without nanu-or1ptural bacin. tt has boon
inserted 1η ᾱιαωοηά brackets. Anyth1ng ln tho text
which 1 thought should bo removed. 1 have placed iu
square brackets. Tho opelztng ια that used in modern
eeclesiastioal Latin. such worda aa dirrinltlo,
columnus. oontemgno, ad ulritur‚ 2323ss have beon
rendered 1n thet? modurn forna.

A· zo the references, Thomas hau a great number.
There are πολι over fifteen hundred eitat1onn in those
sorny chaptorn. such mon a· Arlatotlo, Averrooo,
szeennu. Avxeebrol‚ Boethius and augustine ar· mont
rreely ettad. ει. aohn Dumaneene, st. Anselm, Porphyry
occur lons frequently. Wllltam or auvergne and alon ot
Lillo ar· ettad oneo or twice, though their nemen are
not mentioned. Tho reference· zo Aristozle and
Avertens are almost always ln the torm of short dlota,
nh1eh Thomas usta us tho major or the minor of a
syllogism- There ar· nore citatione frou thee· two nen
then trun ⁸11 th· other author· taken together. Tho

excerpt· fron Ανιοοηῃι, Ανίοοῦτοι. St· Augustxno and

