(45)

hene· the nam· aa tho other nee1d0nts ln th· enm·
subjeet- Thomu· then consider· the poos1b111ty that
the composxte or substance and aeota-nt mxghz bt th·
quxddxty or oonoxblo substance. Thzo poustb111ty ιι
ιῑιό nonaxon-d tum-dintoly by Aristotlo and ellmlnated
very br1erly.⁷ In nummary th· argument ot Thomas 1·
thet 1r the eonpooxz· or sub-tane· and :acad-nt vor·
tho qu1ddxty. then the suba-ot would actually bo taken
t=1oo ln the definition which expressos thiu quiddlty.
τὴς reason ror tul· 1- thnt subject must b· oon-idered
tn d0f1n1ng an accident· It must bo considered again
ir wo uro def1n1ng th· substance ln which the aeoident
inhores- Is tho conpostt· of substance and aoexdont
uero the qutdatty of demonstrat-d nubetaneo, ιι would
lead to th1s nugatio- rznally. nexther the composzte
ot substance and aecident nor nocidont itnolr nes a
definition. ror only cubetanoee have der1n2t10na and
οιιοηοοι. This given the 110 to those who would say
thaz the principles or eeuetblo nubozaneen aro magni-
tudes or numbers.

Th· thxrd pousibzlzty for explaining th· qu1d-
d1ty of domonstrntod subotanee vat subtsanee 1200110
Thin substance any b· cone1dored e1ther ιο separat· or

ιι ίᾱοηιιοιΙ in somn 'ay alth the componite. The laet

