(67)
Thomu· then e1t0· ut length fron thie famou- passagu-
tqu1ntty or humnnlty ean be taken in themselvon alono.
and then thoy uro neither univer-al nor particular.
one nor many. ne1thor epoe1eo and common. nor proper
and individual. Thau 1⁸ the nature a· thought by pur·
contemplation. Nature can alno be conn1dered under
certain propertxeo gua· 01 accidere noneunt. These
propertius are un1vorualxty and n1ngu12r1ty. Under
tho condition or un1v0r2211ty ιι 1· nature considered
1n the :poet-³3 under the condition ot utngulartty
ιι 12 nature considered in the tndtvtdual. fluman1ty
taken ln ito-lt, 1.·. numan1za· tantun. ιο prlor to
humanxty ln the aponius and in the ind1v1dunl though
tt novor tn wathout ono or thom. Thia prior ἔξει of
humanatae tantun ιι apprehended by the intell-et.
but it 12 not a principle er knowledge nor or being
but prior ιο both. Hence ιι 1· not said to b· tn tho
intolleez nor cuttid- the intelleet. Tho nano ‘man'.
then, hat a thro-told stgnxrxeatxon. on· signatius
human1ty ln itselr without any oondltlon of connun1ty
or of property and thiu pree-do· both the natural and
the universal ἐξὲξ. Th· second s1gn1rxoat10n ιι with
tho condition of e1ngu1ar2ty and thie ιε th· natural

and sonaxblo ἔξει, Th· third 2⁸ with tho condition

