(27)

ρτιηοιριΙ thenon tr· defended on Ar1utot011nn ground·
in ιυοὴ ι way that thoy ιιιι ιο aare· 1n every way
with Arx-totolinn thought. Tro-orra’o jung-ment. then.
ιι that vno-a· ha· an onoyolopedze knowledge ot tho
οοοιὲιηιι which ιο roeontly had aad· their way into
turono. Tha· knowledge Τὴοιιι hae not down tor no
not tn a nycte-atto synthoetn. but tn a axottonary or
human ιιιᾶοι united under tho Aususttntan traditxon.
As ιι evxdont fron ι nhort poruual or thee·
authore tho have ntud1od Thomu· of Ybrk. ho noent to
be a man or ιοωο histortoal interest. Doctrinally
npeaktng, ho leave· much to bo ἀοιίνοά, for hie 1⁸ tn·
work ot a trannmxtter. Ηιι taek ιι to popularxz· th·
new learning. to afrord to tho men who follow him an

1n01p10nt acquaintance with Aristotle and hta conmen-
tatorn. He ιιι 1η close content with oron-otooto who
va· mont euers-tto 1η hie putauit of tho nov learning.
Th· §2210n21310 enabxen ua to ovaluate. to ι οιτιαιη
extent. the 1npaet which eructato-to’· onergy aad· on
those trtare 'hone nchool ho founded. Tho work ot
oro-nezoste ιιι carried on 1η Thomas of Ybrk aad mad·
prostent to such an extent that rr. Longprd linko
Thomnn' name to that ot John Duna scotus. Th· Prancifl-

ean exford school hae given to nodi-val ιοὴοιαιιιοιιι,

