(84)

He antwers Porphyry't quo-t1on w1th the arguments ot
Aristotlo against Pluto-²2 1t the universal 1· a
separat· nonoth1ng. ono 1n number, then man and horn·
will be ono 1η number because or the idea of an1m011ty
which 1⁸ ono in number in both of them. Or 1? they
dlfrer, thoy ean only differ in number. and eerta1nly
not in speeies or definition. Moreover. 11 the univor-
καὶ were one ln number. then the form of genua would
aleo bo ono 1η number. Sinon contraries are in a
genua. vo would have to say that these contraries wore
actually 1n that which was one and tho tame tn number.
Thone and many sxmzlar argumente are used to show that
the unaveraa1 ιε in no way an individu⁸1‚ but a common
forn, a 2222 which ean be pred1oated or many while
eonta1n1ng iteolt completezy.

Thus we come to the final property or &usupare-
bility. In r0a11ty th1e 1³ an emphasis on the fact
that tho universal is not nn indtvidual in any sense,

a raet etresscd throughout the treatment or second
substance. This chapter does not complete Thomas·
treatment or substance. There aro four more chapters
on second substance, dealing, aa he says, with the
division of second substance tn 22001a11. Here he

treats or genus, npecxes and differenen after the

