(96)

that the agent intell-ot 18 ”separab10. 1ηραιε1ὴ1ο.
υηωικοᾱ. tineo tt ιε ln its aasential natur· aet1v1ty
ror a1=aya tho notive 1⁸ superior to th· pans1ve’.10
Perhaps th1⁸ dirrtoult passage ln Ar1ntotlo account·
ror Theman· uaytng that tho abstractum ιο ln eone

way ln the agent intellec} prssor to abstraet1on.
whether this doctrine ιο Aristotelian or an tndteat1on
of hin Augu-tzntan tendencien. Thomas d1d go to st.
Augu-tin· for some of his theory of knowledge.

Το noe the infla-nee or st· Augustino on him.
w· nunt go to the tract on number· rhenan us·-
Art-totle all through hta treatment of substance and
through much et tho tract οη aec1dentu. Eut tn the
court· or trontius accidente be reela 0b11ged to entar
nt length into a dxneourno on quantity. This requzrea
ι d1³eus=10n or diter-te quanz1ty, and the e1ght enup-
tere of book five aro entirely oonenrned with number.
12 1⁸ only natural that for an extensive treatment or
number h· should go to st. Augustino and oapeoxally
to tn· atxth book or th⁸<E2 mustea, where tho d1v1010nn
of number or· given ln great detail. In this book of
st. Augustino h· also found the Auguntznzan doctrino
or sonnation. men before and atter Thomas tried to

har-onia· tho Ar12202011an and Augustznzan doctrines

