(⁴7)

a def1n1t1on, ror ιτ tt d1d ther· would be an infinit·
regrese of dof1n1210nn. Thi· sonewhat conruetng
objection 2⁵ the oeoa=1on ror Thomas ra121ng the*
dilemma of th· soph1ntnz 1r the quiddity of man 12
dlfrfiront from man. then man cannot b· known through
tt. If tt 1³ th· name aa man, then tt 300 han a
qu1dd1ty oven αι man has a qu1d01ty. rh1· dllenma
ιι anun-rod by nhow1ng that mun and his quiddtty aro
actually one even though potentially they are tuotold.
The final argum-nt aga1net separate :ubstanee
being tho quiddlty or senelble nub-tanco 1· zaken from
generat1on showing that only a compostte ean generate
and that separated torma are nucleae ln generatton.
Thomas dtvtdes aristotle'e argumente into three main
headingnz bo1ng, knowledge and gonerat1on. Non· or
thoe· ean be explalnod by a forn separate from matter.
Hence a separated substance cannot explain nonsible
substance. Thomas cloaca the chapter wxzh the state-
menq: ³1 believo, a· has been eald above by rhemist1u=‚
that Aristot1e has orxttetzed th· word· of Plato. but
not hin optnion.* Thomas does not say what the optnion
of Plato was, but he chonans to think that Arlstotle'e
er1t1c1sn or Plato wan due to Artetotle's desire to

have clear pnxlonophxoaz terma· Plato dxd not express

