(26)

attempt· to ἀναν the rad1cal doetr1nes or the now
learn1ng to hta own conservative pos1t1on. making thom
agree with the accepted tenet· or the Auguatxnian
tradsst10n· Hence. ho cannot be eal2ed a puro eeleotto.
no ia constent-d with a mano or authorez Ρετιρειοιιοε,
Arnbtnn and Greek noo-P1aton12tn. Because ho 12 one

or th· first to meet who-0 nov intluenooe and beennon
h· 1⁸ a oonptler. he has d2fr1cu1ty dsszttngu1sh1ng
botwoon these elementa aa did many or th· latur scholas?
zion.

The highest authority ror Thomas, according to
Troaorra, ιο St. Augustino. Thin fact leads him to bo
part1cuzar1y bentgn to Plato. Howevnr, uince at. Augus-
tlne⁰s theor1eo on general metaphysica are undeveloped‚
ει. Αυεηειιηο·ε doozrtne 13 used more aa a dssreetive
nora than aa a doctrinal nucleus. Arantotle too 18 a
artat authorxty‚ egregius ghilonoghus, but, we are told,
he 1ο brought into agreement wssth Plato and St. Augus-
tino· rh· mean· Thomas unet to errent thia transforma-
tlon on ari-totle 18 Avxoebrol, who though a noo·
Platoniat proceeds tn an Aristotaxian manner and fron
certain Ar1etoteltan prtnctplee. Yresorra stre-nee the
importano· Avicobrol hold· 1n rhomae· thought, appear·

ing a· h· does a· ι eataxytxo agnat-³³ Avxoebrol’a

